post: cdktf provider docs (#14)
fabrhq/blog: content/blog/Terraform-provider-docs-converted-to-CDKTF-TypeScript/index.md

---
title: "Terraform Provider Docs for CDKTF"
date: "2023-03-25T10:14:03.000Z"
author: "Janaka Abeywardhana"

> description: "Announcing Terraform provider docs with code blocks conversed to CDKTF"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Announcing (unofficial) Terraform provider docs with HCL code blocks converted to CDKTF"
```
